Docsp 26722: Adding TypeScript landing page (#860)
mongodb/docs-ecosystem: source/typescript.txt

Reviewer: Q: The Jira ticket includes the following A/C:

_As a user, I can read about Typescript typing on the mongodb.com/drivers/node/ landing page (for relevant versions)._

I'm not sure what Chris was envisioning here, but might be worth clarifying with him if you haven't already.

Author: I will double-check, but this is already covered to my understanding since we have a link on the landing node page that goes to the TypeScript page for [Specify Type Parameters with TypeScript](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/drivers/node/current/fundamentals/typescript/). The landing page is pretty light and mainly link-based.

Reviewer: As long as it's what Chris was envisioning when he created the ticket, it's good with me.

Author: I did double check with him and he is good with this solution.

.. _typescript-center:

==========
TypeScript
==========

.. default-domain:: mongodb

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 1
   :class: twocols

Introduction
------------

Welcome to the documentation site for official MongoDB TypeScript support.

> Since TypeScript builds on JavaScript, you can use the

Reviewer 2: Question:
I personally haven't heard "builds on" as the relationship and it seems like an ambiguous one. Usually, I see "transpiles to" or "compiles to" since there's a conversion process that happens to turn TypeScript into JavaScript before you can run it on a JS engine.

Reviewer: @ccho-mongodb FWIW, I thought through the same thing during my review but ended up being okay with it. That said, I'm also fine with changing it.

`{+node-driver-long+} <https://www.mongodb.com/docs/drivers/node/current/>`__
to create TypeScript applications that communicate with MongoDB.

> Versions 4.0 and later of the {+node-driver-short+} support TypeScript. You must
> install that version of the driver or a more recent one to use TypeScript.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion:

I think "support Typescript" could be more precise -- it's possible for any Javascript to "support" it by using the "any" type. Instead, it could be better to mention that the driver supports using Typescript types with it in your app.

I think the two sentences could also be combined into one.

```suggestion
You must use v4.0 or later of the driver to use Typescript types in your app. 
```

.. _typescript-center:

==========
TypeScript
==========

.. default-domain:: mongodb

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 1
   :class: twocols

Introduction
------------

Welcome to the documentation site for official MongoDB TypeScript support.

> Since Typescript builds on JavaScript, you can use the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since TypeScript builds on JavaScript, you can use the
```

> `Node.js Driver <https://www.mongodb.com/docs/drivers/node/current/>`__

Reviewer: S: This sounds better to me as "MongoDB Node.js Driver" in this sentence. There might already be a source constant in docs-node to this effect.

Author: I went ahead and created constants that match the constants in the node driver. Thanks for that idea!

> `Node.js Driver <https://www.mongodb.com/docs/drivers/node/current/>`__

Reviewer: Q: On a similar note, is there a source constant for "Node.js Driver"? We use those quite frequently in other repos and might be worth doing the same here.

to create TypeScript applications that communicate with MongoDB.

> The Node.js Driver started supporting TypeScript with version 4.0. You must

Reviewer: S: "started supporting" makes it sound like it hasn't finished supporting TypeScript (which, from a technical perspective, is probably accurate, because when is support ever _totally_ complete, but it makes it sound like we have a half-baked driver).

```suggestion
The Node.js Driver began support for TypeScript with version 4.0. You must
```

Or:

```suggestion
Support for TypeScript began in version 4.0 of the Node.js Driver. You must
```

Or:

```suggestion
Versions 4.0 and above of the Node.js Driver support TypeScript. You must
```

install that version of the driver or a more recent one to use TypeScript.

To learn more about the features and limitations of using TypeScript with the
Node.js Driver, see

> `Java Driver <https://www.mongodb.com/docs/drivers/node/current/fundamentals/typescript/>`__.

Reviewer: I: Wrong link title

S: 

```suggestion
the `TypeScript Fundamentals page <https://www.mongodb.com/docs/drivers/node/current/fundamentals/typescript/>`__ in the
Node.js Driver documentation.
```

Compatibility
-------------

For the compatibility charts for the Node.js Driver, see
`Compatibility <https://www.mongodb.com/docs/drivers/node/current/compatibility/>`__

> in the driver docs.

Reviewer: This is a tricky one. When I hear about compatibility w/r/t TypeScript, my mind jumps to a version of JS (or, in this case, the version of the Node.js driver that we've spent the whole page talking about). 

S: Remove the Compatibility section altogether. Open to talking this out, too!

------------

Welcome to the documentation site for official MongoDB TypeScript support.
Since TypeScript builds on JavaScript, you can use the
`{+node-driver-long+} <https://www.mongodb.com/docs/drivers/node/current/>`__
to create TypeScript applications that communicate with MongoDB.

Versions 4.0 and later of the {+node-driver-short+} support TypeScript. You must
install that version of the driver or a more recent one to use TypeScript.

To learn more about the features and limitations of using TypeScript with the
{+node-driver-short+}, see
`TypeScript Fundamentals <https://www.mongodb.com/docs/drivers/node/current/fundamentals/typescript/>`__

> in the Node.js Driver documentation.

Reviewer: S: Use source constant here too

```suggestion
in the {+node-driver-short+} documentation.
```
